we're here with Jack burns of burn
stainless he's gonna run over all the
parts and products that they have to
offer
I'm handing it over to Jack all right
thank you the first new product that
we're debuting here is is Corvette c6
zo6 and zr1 exhaust system that that
shaves about 30 to 35 pounds of weight
off of the zo6 and the zr1 we it's a
complete three inch diameter system it
doesn't downsize to two and a half like
the stock zo6 system does we've
incorporated an x-pipe in it for more
torque and more power as I said that we
get rid of some weight it's got a really
really good sound to it it sounds very
much like the Heritage it comes from
which is from the a LMS gt2 Corvette
Racing program which we've done some
engineering work for they do not use
this system this is applicable to the
street performance and so we're this is
an RD we're not done with it yet we're
still tuning on the the sound quality to
get rid of the we've greatly minimized
the drone of the exhaust system at
cruising speeds we still have some work
to do but we wanted to introduce it out
here it's a modular system that plugs
into the intermediate stock pipe or or
you can utilize our x-pipe assembly when
it gets in its finished form and it's
made out of good high-quality
fully annealed 3 304 stainless and
it's definitely in a performance
improving piece as well as a lighter
weight as we move around to the table we
have some other new items here at the
show let me put this down quickly one of
the things that that were choked having
on display here is this oval tube that
is designed to go up and over the axle
typically you have an oval tube that it
has a bend radius from from the short
radius out bending around the corner
this this is designed to go up and over
the rear axle and before now we haven't
we haven't had access to the tooling to
do that so that's in the development
stages another new item that that were
having on display is this reverse cone
megaphone muffler so it's got a an
absorption style muffler inside if I can
lift this up and just so you can see the
inside of it it's got a straight through
three-inch core in it and these are more
for the Harley guys and any motorcycle
guys that may want a muffler that looks
like the in the megaphone style we also
have our the same type of muffler that
we use on the Corvette it's a two-stage
muffler that's an absorption muffler for
the first stage and then it's a it's a
Helmholtz type chamber that has some
baffles in it for the second stage we
also have a very lightweight inconel Oh
two five collector that's designed for
high-end racing applications that demand
lightweight and being that it's a 625
inconel and we can go with a lot thinner
wall this is a
a Nextel Cup type of collector that we
make out a three 2103 five stainless our
flanges are cnc flanges both for turbo
different turbo applications as well as
the three bolt flange out of 304
stainless we have come up with we've
designed this this year this is a an o2
sensor ring that that CNC machine it's
got a radius on it here to fit your pipe
and rather than being a cast piece this
is CNC it out of a solid stainless 304
here we have various bends mandrel bends
out of aluminum as well as stainless
that we carry in stock we have the the
wiggins clamp arrangements for the turbo
applications for aluminum plumbing we
have the the double slip turbo
collectors that are designed this is a
weld slip arrangement that you weld on
to the primary tubes for for a better
seal that eliminates the cracking
problems inherent with welding
collectors on on a header system silicon
hose different types of adapters for
silicon that we carry we have a modified
production style drag race for into one
collector with our short muffler on it
it's a lightweight package that I can't
remember how much this thing weighs it
weighs that definitely the whole thing
weighs less than 5 pounds I think it's
more like three and a half pounds and
that pretty well cold one more item we
have the V band this is four stainless
exhaust is that we have the v-band clamp
and flange assembly Marmon style that we
carry it pretty well gives us a an
overall look of
some of the many products that we carry
so that's all I have to say for right
now thank you thank you very much Jack
burns burn stainless that's burn
stainless calm
you